I will definitely work hard
It's you again
You like robbing me so much?
It's not enough to steal my boyfriend
Now you're robbing my family again
Little sister, you misunderstood
Let Luo Yuan come to work at Lu Group
It was agreed upon by me and your second brother
He's a stinky part-time worker
How can you be a member of Lu Enterprises Group without knowledge or education?
The matter is inconclusive
How do you know I'm not up to this job?
And it was you who stole my boyfriend
You go first to prepare the materials for the meeting this afternoon
I'll handle it here.
OK
Brother, why are you stopping me?
I remember you were very kind when you were a child
Why are you so aggressive now?